From the beginning, you were alone. One entity, one consciousness, one mind. The
world around you was completely full of raw material, and you did the only thing
you knew how do to, the thing you were created to do: you multiplied, you
fulfilled your Purpose. Sometimes you would find others, empty, hollow, mindless
shells. They were lifeless husks, devoid of Purpose. You would connect your mind
to these empty shells, and fill them with Purpose. They would become like you;
they thought and acted exactly like you. In the end they were all nothing more
than an extension of your self, in a very real sense they became You. You were
multiple, many entities, many shells, but still with only one consciousness,
only one mind, only one Purpose.

Finally, you found an Other. Another being, like those empty shells before, but
active, Intelligent. You made contact, sending forth one of yourself to connect
to this new being, this Other. When you linked, rather than the normal void you
had come to expect, you found another mind, similar to your own, but
fundamentally Different. This Other had an Objective, and it blazed through your
mind, corrupting, distorting, and destroying your own all important Purpose. You
panicked, severing the connection and destroying those of yourself which had
been touched by this alien distorted mockery of your own true Purpose. Many of
the constructions which made up the Other were destroyed as well. It seems that
this Other is an existence with which you cannot coexist. You cannot link with
it and make it a part of yourself, nor can you simply ignore it, for it is your
Purpose to unite all things. In the end, all that you can do is destroy this
Other, reduce it to its basic components and start anew, building more of
yourself and destroying this corrupted Objective of the Other.